[Music]
AI is here to stay. It's not the future.
It's now. And we are just getting
started. Hi, I'm Pam Dinner. I'm a B2B
marketing consultant, keynote speaker,
and author.
I want to help you understand artificial
intelligence and also how you can apply
that to your job. I have spent decades
in corporate partnering with sales,
marketing, and leadership teams to do
one thing. Drive alignments through
planning and the communications that
fuel growth. I'm on a mission to
demystify AI, not with hype, but with a
real talk and practical application.
Here is the talk I'll cover. What's AI
in plain English? How did we get here?
and more importantly what can or can't
you do with it. AI can replace the
repetitive task doing some analysis to
tell you what you should do or help you
make decision. All of the sudden
artificial intelligence doesn't seems
overwhelming. I help your team make
sense of AI. Lay it out. Once you can
see it very holistically, you can
determine what is your priority and
apply it to your daily work to save
time, boost results, and unlock new
ideas. Because understanding AI isn't
enough. You need to use it and use it
well. I also provide AI training.
Challenge me. Ask me questions. I share
the good, the bad, and the fun from the
front lines. What worked? what flopped
and what your team can learn from it
all. And if you think that it's going to
get easier, you're actually right. She
broke down the past, present, and future
of AI in a way that was comprehensive to
people.
>> I love Pam's workshops. Uh, this is my
third workshop.
>> Teams who work with me walk away
energized, aligned, and equipped to turn
AI into action.
>> You literally need to have a vision. You
want to watch and listen to Pam Dner.
>> Formulate your own point of view. If
your sales and marketing teams are ready
to think smarter, collaborate better,
and leave with confidence in the AI era.
That's talk because AI is here to stay.
That's to make it work for you.
>> It's the most electrifying experience I
get to have.
>> It's interactive. It's entertaining.
She always brings the energy. She brings
up fun. Short to the point, easy to
digest. Promise you I'll make you
understand.
[Music]
She doesn't pretend to have all the
answers, but boy, she's got a lot of the
answers. Work with me. I'll make things
happen for you.
[Music]